README.md, before:

# China Economy Data Sources
a list of data sources on the state of the economy of the People's Republic of China

_all data sources are in the Chinese language if not specified otherwise_

## Official statistics

- [National Bureau of Statistics (NBS)](http://www.stats.gov.cn/)

## Ministry and other government entities
_statistical sections of official websites_

- [Ministry of Finance (MoF)](http://www.mof.gov.cn/gkml/caizhengshuju/)
- [The People's Bank of China (PBOC)](http://www.pbc.gov.cn/diaochatongjisi/116219/index.html)
- [State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE)](http://www.safe.gov.cn/safe/tjsj1/index.html)
- [Ministry of Transport (MoT)](https://www.mot.gov.cn/tongjishuju/)
- [General Administration of Customs P.R. China](http://www.customs.gov.cn/customs/302249/zfxxgk/2799825/302274/index.html)
- [Ministry of Commerce of the PRC (MofCom)](http://www.mofcom.gov.cn/article/tongjiziliao/)
- [Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of the PRC](http://zdscxx.moa.gov.cn:8080/nyb/pc/index.jsp)
- [State Post Bureau of the PRC](http://www.spb.gov.cn/sj/)
- [Ministry of Culture and Tourism of the PRC](http://zwgk.mct.gov.cn/zfxxgkml/447/465/index_3081.html)
- [Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC](http://www.mca.gov.cn/article/sj/)
- [Ministry of Education of the PRC](http://www.moe.gov.cn/jyb_sjzl/moe_560/2020/)
- [Ministry of Ecology and Environment](https://www.mee.gov.cn/hjzl/)
  - [National air quality monthly report](https://www.mee.gov.cn/hjzl/sthjzk/zghjzkgb/)
  - [City air quality monthly report](https://www.mee.gov.cn/hjzl/dqhj/cskqzlzkyb/)
  - [National surface water quality situation](https://www.mee.gov.cn/hjzl/shj/qgdbszlzk/)
- [Civil Aviation Administration of China](http://www.caac.gov.cn/XXGK/XXGK/) - in 统计数据 section
- [National Immigration Administration](https://www.nia.gov.cn/n741440/n741567/index.html)
- [Public procurement website](http://www.ccgp.gov.cn/) - public procurement notifications in the PRC

## Industry associations and market data providers

- [China Association of Automotive Manufacturers (CAAM)](http://www.caam.org.cn/tjsj) - output and sales figures
- [China Passenger Car Association (CPCA)](http://www.cpcaauto.com/)
- [China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT)](http://www.caict.ac.cn/kxyj/qwfb/qwsj/) - mobile phones sales data (monthly)
- [China Central Depository ＆ Clearing Co., Ltd.（CCDC）information system](https://www.chinabond.com.cn/d2s/index.html) - information about China's bond market
- [Chine Economic Information Network](https://www.cei.cn/) - registration required
- [China Containerized Freight Index (CCFI)](https://en.sse.net.cn/indices/ccfinew.jsp) [ENG]
- [Payment and Clearing Association of China](http://www.pcac.org.cn/eportal/ui?pageId=595055)
- [China electronic local government bond market access (CELMA)](http://www.celma.org.cn/ydsj/index.jhtml) - national platform for local government debt information disclosure by MoF
- [China Association of Small and Medium Enterprises (CASME)](https://ca-sme.org/category/Category/list/cid/364) - monthly SMEs' Development Index


## Research institutions & think tanks

- [National Institution for Finance & Development (NIFD)](http://www.nifd.cn/home/index)
  - [NIFD China's macro leverage ratio database](http://www.nifd.cn/home/index) - quarterly data
- [China Institute for Employment Research (CIER) index](http://www.cier.org.cn/index.asp) - labor market, quarterly
- [The Green Finance & Development Center at FISF Fudan University](https://greenfdc.org/category/belt-and-road-initiative-bri/) - Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) Investment Report, biannual (February/July) [ENG]
- [China Academy of Transportation Sciences](http://www.motcats.ac.cn/col/col55/index.html) - transport sector activity index (中国运输生产指数, CTSI), monthly

## Company data

- [China Railway](http://www.china-railway.com.cn/wnfw/sjfw/)
- [Bank of China](https://www.boc.cn/fimarkets/cri/) - Cross-border RMB Index

## Micro-data

- [Chinese National Survey Data Archive (CNSDA)](http://cnsda.ruc.edu.cn/)
- [Chinese Household Income Project (CHIP)](http://ciidbnu.org/chip/) -  five waves of household surveys, in 1989, 1996, 2003, 2008 and 2013. 

## Consumer & Business confidence index

- [CKGSB Business Conditions Index](https://english.ckgsb.edu.cn/worldwide/insights/business-conditions-index/) - business sentiment of executives about the macro-economic environment in China by Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (CKGSB) [ENG]

## International data [ENG]

- [China Global Investment Tracker @ American Enterprise Institute](https://www.aei.org/china-global-investment-tracker/) - public data set covering China’s global investment and construction
- [US-China Investment Hub @ Rhodium](https://www.us-china-investment.org/) - a multiyear research initiative that aims at providing greater transparency on capital flows between China and the United States
- [Chinese Investment in Australia @ East Asian Bureau of Economic Research](https://chiia.eaber.org/) - a public database of Mainland Chinese direct commercial investment in Australia
- [SWIFT RMB Tracker](https://www.swift.com/our-solutions/compliance-and-shared-services/business-intelligence/renminbi/rmb-tracker) -  free monthly report from SWIFT Business Intelligence on RMB usage across geographies and financial sectors
- [China Policy Change Index](https://policychangeindex.org/) - a series of open-source machine learning projects that predict authoritarian regimes’ major policy moves by “reading” their propaganda publications
- [China Policy Uncertainty Indices](http://www.policyuncertainty.com/china_monthly.html) -  newspaper-based indices of policy uncertainty in China
- [China Labor Bulletin (CLB) maps](https://maps.clb.org.hk/)
- [China Vitae](https://www.chinavitae.com/index.php) - biographical information on more than 5000 Chinese leaders in government, politics, the military, education, business, and the media
- [CCP Elite database @ 21st Century China Center, UC San Diego](https://chinadatalab.ucsd.edu/resources/ccp-elites-database/) - detailed biographical information of Central Committee and provincial standing committee members since 1976 ([Interactive Dashboard](https://chinadatalab.ucsd.edu/elites/))
- [Mapping China's Tech Giants @ ASPI](https://chinatechmap.aspi.org.au/#/map/)
- [COVID-19 data for China @ World Health Organization](https://covid19.who.int/region/wpro/country/cn)

## Russia - China economic relations

- [Russia-China Trade & Economy Cooperation web site @ MofCom](http://www.crc.mofcom.gov.cn/index.shtml)

## Digital archives

- [People's Daily archive](https://www.laoziliao.net/rmrb/) - published issues from from 1946 to 2003

Commit message:

New data soure added - Ministry of natural resources

README.md, after:

# China Economy Data Sources
a list of data sources on the state of the economy of the People's Republic of China

_all data sources are in the Chinese language if not specified otherwise_

## Official statistics

- [National Bureau of Statistics (NBS)](http://www.stats.gov.cn/)

## Ministry and other government entities
_statistical sections of official websites_

- [Ministry of Finance (MoF)](http://www.mof.gov.cn/gkml/caizhengshuju/)
- [The People's Bank of China (PBOC)](http://www.pbc.gov.cn/diaochatongjisi/116219/index.html)
- [State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE)](http://www.safe.gov.cn/safe/tjsj1/index.html)
- [Ministry of Transport (MoT)](https://www.mot.gov.cn/tongjishuju/)
- [General Administration of Customs](http://www.customs.gov.cn/customs/302249/zfxxgk/2799825/302274/index.html)
- [Ministry of Commerce (MofCom)](http://www.mofcom.gov.cn/article/tongjiziliao/)
- [Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs(http://zdscxx.moa.gov.cn:8080/nyb/pc/index.jsp)
- [State Post Bureau](http://www.spb.gov.cn/sj/)
- [Ministry of Culture and Tourism](http://zwgk.mct.gov.cn/zfxxgkml/447/465/index_3081.html)
- [Ministry of Civil Affairs](http://www.mca.gov.cn/article/sj/)
- [Ministry of Education](http://www.moe.gov.cn/jyb_sjzl/moe_560/2020/)
- [Ministry of Ecology and Environment](https://www.mee.gov.cn/hjzl/)
  - [National air quality monthly report](https://www.mee.gov.cn/hjzl/sthjzk/zghjzkgb/)
  - [City air quality monthly report](https://www.mee.gov.cn/hjzl/dqhj/cskqzlzkyb/)
  - [National surface water quality situation](https://www.mee.gov.cn/hjzl/shj/qgdbszlzk/)
- [Ministry of Natural Resources](https://www.mnr.gov.cn/sj/) - annual statistical reports
- [Civil Aviation Administration of China](http://www.caac.gov.cn/XXGK/XXGK/) - in 统计数据 section
- [National Immigration Administration](https://www.nia.gov.cn/n741440/n741567/index.html)
- [Public procurement website](http://www.ccgp.gov.cn/) - public procurement notifications in the PRC

## Industry associations and market data providers

- [China Association of Automotive Manufacturers (CAAM)](http://www.caam.org.cn/tjsj) - output and sales figures
- [China Passenger Car Association (CPCA)](http://www.cpcaauto.com/)
- [China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT)](http://www.caict.ac.cn/kxyj/qwfb/qwsj/) - mobile phones sales data (monthly)
- [China Central Depository ＆ Clearing Co., Ltd.（CCDC）information system](https://www.chinabond.com.cn/d2s/index.html) - information about China's bond market
- [Chine Economic Information Network](https://www.cei.cn/) - registration required
- [China Containerized Freight Index (CCFI)](https://en.sse.net.cn/indices/ccfinew.jsp) [ENG]
- [Payment and Clearing Association of China](http://www.pcac.org.cn/eportal/ui?pageId=595055)
- [China electronic local government bond market access (CELMA)](http://www.celma.org.cn/ydsj/index.jhtml) - national platform for local government debt information disclosure by MoF
- [China Association of Small and Medium Enterprises (CASME)](https://ca-sme.org/category/Category/list/cid/364) - monthly SMEs' Development Index


## Research institutions & think tanks

- [National Institution for Finance & Development (NIFD)](http://www.nifd.cn/home/index)
  - [NIFD China's macro leverage ratio database](http://www.nifd.cn/home/index) - quarterly data
- [China Institute for Employment Research (CIER) index](http://www.cier.org.cn/index.asp) - labor market, quarterly
- [The Green Finance & Development Center at FISF Fudan University](https://greenfdc.org/category/belt-and-road-initiative-bri/) - Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) Investment Report, biannual (February/July) [ENG]
- [China Academy of Transportation Sciences](http://www.motcats.ac.cn/col/col55/index.html) - transport sector activity index (中国运输生产指数, CTSI), monthly

## Company data

- [China Railway](http://www.china-railway.com.cn/wnfw/sjfw/)
- [Bank of China](https://www.boc.cn/fimarkets/cri/) - Cross-border RMB Index

## Micro-data

- [Chinese National Survey Data Archive (CNSDA)](http://cnsda.ruc.edu.cn/)
- [Chinese Household Income Project (CHIP)](http://ciidbnu.org/chip/) -  five waves of household surveys, in 1989, 1996, 2003, 2008 and 2013. 

## Consumer & Business confidence index

- [CKGSB Business Conditions Index](https://english.ckgsb.edu.cn/worldwide/insights/business-conditions-index/) - business sentiment of executives about the macro-economic environment in China by Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (CKGSB) [ENG]

## International data [ENG]

- [China Global Investment Tracker @ American Enterprise Institute](https://www.aei.org/china-global-investment-tracker/) - public data set covering China’s global investment and construction
- [US-China Investment Hub @ Rhodium](https://www.us-china-investment.org/) - a multiyear research initiative that aims at providing greater transparency on capital flows between China and the United States
- [Chinese Investment in Australia @ East Asian Bureau of Economic Research](https://chiia.eaber.org/) - a public database of Mainland Chinese direct commercial investment in Australia
- [SWIFT RMB Tracker](https://www.swift.com/our-solutions/compliance-and-shared-services/business-intelligence/renminbi/rmb-tracker) -  free monthly report from SWIFT Business Intelligence on RMB usage across geographies and financial sectors
- [China Policy Change Index](https://policychangeindex.org/) - a series of open-source machine learning projects that predict authoritarian regimes’ major policy moves by “reading” their propaganda publications
- [China Policy Uncertainty Indices](http://www.policyuncertainty.com/china_monthly.html) -  newspaper-based indices of policy uncertainty in China
- [China Labor Bulletin (CLB) maps](https://maps.clb.org.hk/)
- [China Vitae](https://www.chinavitae.com/index.php) - biographical information on more than 5000 Chinese leaders in government, politics, the military, education, business, and the media
- [CCP Elite database @ 21st Century China Center, UC San Diego](https://chinadatalab.ucsd.edu/resources/ccp-elites-database/) - detailed biographical information of Central Committee and provincial standing committee members since 1976 ([Interactive Dashboard](https://chinadatalab.ucsd.edu/elites/))
- [Mapping China's Tech Giants @ ASPI](https://chinatechmap.aspi.org.au/#/map/)
- [COVID-19 data for China @ World Health Organization](https://covid19.who.int/region/wpro/country/cn)

## Russia - China economic relations

- [Russia-China Trade & Economy Cooperation web site @ MofCom](http://www.crc.mofcom.gov.cn/index.shtml)

## Digital archives

- [People's Daily archive](https://www.laoziliao.net/rmrb/) - published issues from from 1946 to 2003
